Ghc 68686 (#161)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-68686/index.md

---
title: Cannot parse LANGUAGE pragma
summary: The arguments to the LANGUAGE pragma could not be parsed
severity: error

> introduced: 9.6.1

Reviewer: Please add needed extensions.

Reviewer 2: I don't think there are any...

Author: Indeed, this is for all language pragmas

---

> The LANGUAGE pragma expects a comma separated list of existing language extensions, each start with a capital letter.

Reviewer 2: Comma splice. What about:
```suggestion
The LANGUAGE pragma expects a comma separated list of existing language extensions. Each extension starts with a capital letter.
```
